Address some comments in #377 (#388)
ProvableHQ/welcome: documentation/leo/03_language.md

}
```
## Control Structures

### If Statements

If statements are declared as `if {condition} { ... } else if {condition} { ... } else { ... }`.
If statements can be nested.

```leo
    let a: u8 = 1u8;
    
    if a == 1u8 {
        a += 1u8;
    } else if a == 2u8 {
        a += 2u8;
    } else {
        a += 3u8;
    }
```

### Return Statements

Return statements are declared as `return {expression};`.

```leo
    let a: u8 = 1u8;
    
    if a == 1u8 {
        return a + 1u8;
    } else if a == 2u8 {
        return a + 2u8;
    } else {
        return a + 3u8;
    }
```

### For Loops

> For loops are declared as `for {variable: type} in {lower bound}..{upper bound}`. The loop bounds must be integer types and constant. Furthermore, the lower bound must be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For loops are declared as `for {variable: type} in {lower bound}..{upper bound}`. The loop bounds must be integer constants of the same type. Furthermore, the lower bound must be
```
